create table seedcup(name text)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:text 
columnAmount:1 
create tAble seedcup(name text)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:text 
columnAmount:1 
create table seed_cup(name text)
function:createTable
tableName:seed_cup
columnsName:name columnType:text 
columnAmount:1 
create table 123432(name text)
error

create table !@#$%%2(name text)
error

create table seedcup()
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnAmount:0 
create table seedcup
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnAmount:0 
create table seedcup(name )
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:none 
columnAmount:1 
create table seedcup(create text)
error

create table seedcup(1442 text)
error

create table seedcup(cre_ate text)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:cre_ate columnType:text 
columnAmount:1 
create table seedcup(^$#$#@ text)
error

create table seedcup(
  name text,
  iValue int
)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:text 
columnsName:iValue columnType:int 
columnAmount:2 
create table seedcup(
  name text,
  iValue int,
)
error

create table seedcup(
  name text,
  iValue int,
  fValue float
)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:text 
columnsName:iValue columnType:int 
columnsName:fValue columnType:float 
columnAmount:3 
create table seedcup(
  name ,
  iValue ,
  fValue float
)
function:createTable
tableName:seedcup
columnsName:name columnType:none 
columnsName:iValue columnType:none 
columnsName:fValue columnType:float 
columnAmount:3 
